Update instructions on running the app (#15)
Kentico/kontent-sample-app-php: README.md

This is a sample website written in PHP 7 using [Laravel](https://laravel.com) framework and [Kentico Kontent Delivery SDK for PHP](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-delivery-sdk-php). You can register your Kontent account for free at [https://app.kontent.ai](https://app.kontent.ai).

## Application setup

Before you can run the app, make sure your environment is set up correctly with [PHP 7+](https://www.php.net/downloads.php) and the [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/) package manager installed.

* For Windows, see how to [configure Visual Studio Code for PHP pevelopment](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-delivery-sdk-php/wiki/Developing-PHP-in-Visual-Studio-Code-for-Dummies).
* For Linux distrubutions, see how to [configure PHP Storm for PHP development](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-delivery-sdk-php/wiki/Configuring-PHP-Storm-on-Linux).

Once these prerequisites are met, you can run the application as follows:

1. Clone this repository.
1. In your command line, navigate to the project folder.
1. Run `composer install` to install dependencies.

> 1. (Optional) Run `composer run prepare-environment` to create a sample [Laravel environment file](https://laravel.com/docs/5.5/configuration#environment-configuration).

Reviewer: Just adjusting URL to correct version since the sample is using Laravel 6.0.X

```suggestion
1. (Optional) Run `composer run prepare-environment` to create a sample [Laravel environment file](https://laravel.com/docs/6.x/configuration#environment-configuration).
```
